I was walking in a dense forest of trees and bushes. There was a magical
mushroom on the ground, so I picked it up and smelled it. It smelled
like all of the holiest, unholiest secrets and common knowledges of the world.
Tucking the mushroom away safely in my bucket, I continued through the forest.
In the air, there was singing. I could only stop briefly, for I was on an 
intense mission, but I was able to smell all the distinct voices, and hear all 
colors of the ocean and the forest stars. Sometimes the world doesn't seem real. 
Other times the world is too real, and becomes violently ill with reality. I wondered 
how this beauty could exist with all this reality going on around us. I think reality 
isn't really "real", per say. Reality seems to be a concoction of chemical processes 
that drift in and out of being terrestrial and unfathomably interstellar. I say 
goodbye to the world and move on deeper into the meadow.
 
To chronicle the cognitive distortions during an LSD peak requires the utmost 
concentration and focus. Because the acid-smattering, weirdo-collision universe is 
out there, and my thoughts don’t know where I am when I’m thinking them.
The body is strangely alienated from me, as well as my cognitive processes, 
some of which twist into crystal fractal dimensions very far away from where they 
started. That’s the beauty of LSD, the surprises. I reach out from behind the corner 
and frighten myself, or catch myself catching myself catching myself…
The sensorium is obviously broken or dislocated somehow, disarticulated. But it’s 
the resulting logical fragments that are truly terrifying. The most bizarre and 
interesting aspect of being on acid is that the sensorium has been totally disarticulated 
and reconfigured, I don’t know where sights, sounds, feelings etc. begin or end, and I 
begin or end in these data flows, losing myself in tides of beautiful colors and 
profoundly, sadly incommunicable emotions. Some of the phenomena of my consciousness seem 
stereotypical and weirdly trite, it allows me to see the tides of media corruption cartoony 
weirdness creeping as a constant undercurrent in my thinking.
It’s that multicolored stew, underlying all perceptions making them swirl together. When 
the flows of sensation become interrupted, patterns emerge in them that reveal intentions 
that are not my own. That’s the origin of empathy. The problem of empathy is really what 
I’m after, isn’t it? The problem of empathy with things that aren’t me. The whole wide, 
wide material universe isn’t me. That’s the central thing that most people can’t grasp. 
The absolute, horrifying, endlessly multivarious and splentrificalifying multiweirdoverse.
The profound sadness of realizing there’s nothing there to realize, that’s why I do 
hallucinogens. A perverse sort of jadedness with all sensory and emotional input. Because 
in striving for an absolutely different sensation, I lose track of what I am. In trying to 
realize there’s nothing to realize, something interferes between the realizer and the 
abstract, happening of eventoweirdliness. There’s a process trying to deconstruct itself, a 
pattern that emerges in the conscious flow of perception, and then catches itself, trying to 
realize what it is, but in viewing itself it unwinds again into strangeliness.
It takes LSD to realize the true nightmare horror strangeliness of perceptions piecing and 
stitching themselves into the pattern of a person, which is always endlessly re-echoed in 
electrochemical reactions that splinter apart and break up and reconfigure the thing that 
thought it was thinking about them.
There are levels of impersonality and automatism. Personality isn’t simply an on/off switch. 
When I turn off the light of the ego identity, the perceptions can take on their own logic, 
and re-echo endlessly. It takes LSD to realize the profound sadness of our whole universe 
being merely electrochemical states that are disrupted. But of course that simple mechanism 
is inadequate, for LSD also reveals that there is something pulling the strings. That’s what 
I try not to remember that the acid is telling me, that something is pulling the strings of 
my perceptions that isn’t me.
There are multiple not mes, in fact an endlessly re-echoing not me. That’s all the material 
universe really is, a place where I am not. I can grasp then the really startlingly simple 
correspondences that German idealism is trying to grapple with, the perceptions autodeconstruct 
themselves in an endlessly, byzantinely complex fashion, when they begin trying to realize what 
they are, they initiate a series of logical states that takes over the show and the syntax of 
the sentence, obviously. That’s probably another problem with LSD, the linguistic faculties 
are all fucked up too, and they’re trying to reveal these endlessly complex perceptual processes 
with nothing really behind them. 
