I’m very happy I’m not in school anymore. I graduated a few years ago, but more and more every day I hear about incidents at school. 
On the news, on the internet, on texts my friends send me, all sorts of horror stories.

But the stories online are the ones I’m always finding myself glancing through. I’ve seen stories online of people relating how their 
school went into lockdown, and the story ends up being about some hobo who had been living under the school, or some crazy person from 
down the street who finally snapped one day. I don’t know if they’re true, but all I know is, our school went into lockdown once. And I 
don’t know if even the people at my school know the whole story as to what happened. I don’t even know if I understand it myself. It 
still seems like a sort of fever dream, something that didn’t happen, couldn’t happen.

It was the middle of third period, math. I had just finished a big test (I found out later I had made a bunch of mistakes, and ended up 
getting a D, but that’s not really important to the story). I used the hall pass to go use the bathroom. Unfortunately, the school 
bathrooms were all located at the stairwells, and of course, the bathrooms on the first floor, where I was, were closed for repairs. 
I had to go up to the second floor, but before I got there, the bell rang. The bell never rang during class before, but as it did, an 
announcement came over the PA.

“Students and faculty, we are entering lockdown. This is not a drill. Please, all students and faculty follow all school procedures.”

I froze. I could hear sirens approaching. I came out of the stairwell, but already the doors in the hallway were closing, and I could hear 
them locking. I was alone, and out in the open.

I could go into the bathroom now, but the doors had no locks on them since my freshman year; after some juniors trapped a freshman in the 
bathroom and duct taped him inside a stall, they removed the ability to lock them at all. If there was somebody wandering the school, I’d 
have no chance if I went into there.

I ran down the hall. I could see classrooms turning out their lights and covering the windows. I couldn’t turn to them for help; all the 
instructions said to not answer the door. I had to find someplace safe nearby, before something happened.

I turned a corner, and I saw my chance; the janitor’s closet was open. Lunch was up next period, so he was probably out setting up tables 
when the announcement was made. He wasn’t in there, and it could easily be locked from the inside, so I jumped in and shut off the light.

The only light I saw was from the bottom of the door. I waited, and the sirens grew closer and eventually stopped. Time passed, and I wasn’t 
sure if I was happy that I couldn’t hear anything going on or tense because I had no idea what was happening.

Then I heard footsteps. Lots of them. They stopped in the hallway. It must have been police. I could hear radios and other assorted noises. 
I didn’t think it could be some sort of lone gunman or nutcase, so I listened.

One guy in particular sounded like the one in charge.

“Okay, are we in position?”

Another guy answered. I didn’t know what his rank was, but clearly he was not in charge of the first guy.

“Yes, sir. We know the suspect is here in the building. C team is across the campus, as ordered, and B team is covering the back entrances. 
He will not exit the building on our watch.”

The chief responded. “Good. Remember, he could look like anyone. But he must not escape. It’s my fault he’s here, and it’s my duty to deal with him.”

I couldn’t hear much for awhile. There was too much movement, too many people all talking to each other to make out anybody from where I sat. 
I just waited for a little while. Maybe it would all just be over soon, and I could leave the closet and go back to class.

Then, that’s when it all happened. The chief yelled out.

“Hold it! Put your hands in the air!”

The commotion outside stopped, but I heard what sounded like a lot of guns being pointed at someone.

“Lay down on the ground! Leave your hands where we can see them!”

It stayed quiet, except for a few of the guns clacking.

“I said down the ground! Don’t you dare try what I think you’re going to do! You’re not at the institute anymore!”

I thought I would hear shots go off, back and forth, and eventually somebody saying suspect down. What I didn’t expect was the scream.

It wasn’t a normal scream. It wasn’t somebody crying out in terror. It was like a wounded animal, mixed with the sound of a band-saw 
hitting concrete. I’ve never heard anything like it before, and I hope I never hear it again.

Then the guns began to fire. The horrible scream happened again, and then other screams, and then the sounds of tearing. I saw the 
shadows under the door as people moved and fell over, and then blood began to seep underneath.

There was another gunshot, and I nearly yelled out myself when a bullet punched through part of the doorway. It wasn’t very big, but I 
put my eye up against it, and I could see a group of people being attacked by somebody. But something wasn’t right about him. He looked 
too long in places, like he’d been stretched in a taffy machine. He was moving so fast, though, that I couldn’t make anything out, except 
for him grabbing people and throwing them around like they were nothing.

More gunshots. The scream happened again. And again. I pulled away from the bullet hole and sat back in the closet. Then the scream began 
to fade. I heard a thud, and then more footsteps. The chief spoke again, but he was breathing heavily, like he had been badly wounded.
EMERGENCY ALERT -THIS IS NOT A TEST -IMMEDIATE THREAT FOR RESIDENTS OF [withheld] COUNTIES -BE WARY OF: -SEVERE WINDS -LIGHTNING -SEVERE RAIN -FLASH FLOODS -RESIDENTS ARE ADVISED TO STAY INDOORS -PLEASE LOCK OR BAR ALL ENTRYWAYS INTO YOUR HOUSE -RESTRAIN FROM USING ANY DEVICES THAT EMIT LIGHT OR LOUD NOISE -PLEASE ENTER A ROOM WITH NO WINDOWS -EFFECTIVE INDEFINITELY -ISSUED BY THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE

This was the message I was greeted by in the middle of an episode of Big Bang Theory in my living room. Frozen halfway through a forkful of Kraft Mac N' Cheese, I sat bolt upright and turned around to look out the window. The sky, as I thought, was crystal clear. A few clouds, but nothing crazy. No rain. No thunder. Nothing. Confused, I turned off the TV, erasing the alert from the screen. My two dogs came walking over to me and I patted them on their heads. One of my dogs, the other's brother, was shaking profusely from the buzzing noise that always shows up with Amber Alerts and the like. I left them in the living room and walked through my kitchen and onto my front porch. My neighbors, too, were standing outside their houses, all looking at the sky in bemusement.

An immediate threat? It didn't seem like it, I thought as my phone started buzzing with the same tone. One by one, everyone else's phones started ringing.

I should explain, I guess, that I have never experienced a severe weather warning for real. Not once in my life. I suppose it should come as no surprise, seeing as I live in Oregon of all places. I supposed maybe it was just a mistake, but just as the thought floated across my mind, I heard the siren.

The siren of the squad car coming down the street. An officer talked through the speaker. "This is not a drill. Please enter your homes immediately. Do not go outside under any circumstances."

Never the kind of guy to ignore higher authorities, I entered my house nervously, turned off all the lights on the above-ground floors, and took my dogs into my basement with a sleeping bag, some food, my phone, a charger, some spare batteries, flashlight, and other essentials. I called my brother, who lives a couple of blocks away, and asked him if he had gotten the message. He had. I considered saying we should stay together to wait out the storm, but then I figured we'd probably get in trouble for that. So I hung up, got comfortable on my sleeping bag, and started browsing Reddit. Eventually, I fell asleep, seeing as I was under stress and had woken up pretty early. When I woke up, I realized that I still didn't hear any rain. Seriously, nothing at all. More confused than ever, I decided to see if the alert had been called off. I turned on my phone and called my brother again. It went straight to voicemail, though, so I gave up. I decided to risk it and go upstairs. I had to squeeze between the door and the wall to keep my dogs from following me upstairs, but I won and they stayed in the basement. I walked through my kitchen to the front door and looked out the window part of it. As I squinted to see outside in the dark (strange, seeing as it was only 2:00 PM judging by my clock), the TV flickered briefly. I looked around at it and it flickered again, but this time every device on the ground floor flickered. Thinking little of it, I turned around and looked through the door again. Every house on the block had its lights turned off. Nobody was outside.

Except for one teenage girl.

A thin, short-haired girl wearing what looked like a pillowcase walked unsteadily down the street, very slowly, looking as though she was having some difficulty. I turned around, now extremely confused and worried, and got the dogs' food bowls, which I had forgotten earlier. When I looked up, one of the houses, the one diagonally across from mine (right next to the house across the street and to the left) had it's lights on and one of its windows broken. I shuddered and rushed back into the basement as the lights flickered intensely.

I locked the door to the basement and sat on an old, tattered couch that I had brought down here--the basement is where I put everything I didn't have room for. So, yeah, it's packed. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention something that may be worth noting: I live in a small town. A very small town, probably with a population of under 500. Or less. As a matter of fact, it isn't even on most maps. We never make any news, we never have any scandals or anything. This is the first interesting thing that's happened, I think, since Mrs. [withheld] lost her dentures to a raccoon. So, it's possible this whole thing seems way worse than it is.

Call me crazy, but until a few minutes ago, I was thoroughly enjoying myself. I love these scenarios, and my basement is totally secure, so I'm having the time of my life. Well, I was. I decided to turn on my radio--what harm could it do, as long as I didn't turn the volume up to high?

I was surprised to find that our local radio station was still up and running. They were talking about the weather, so I listened hard for any news that I hadn't heard. There wasn't any--they were just as confused as us. Not wanting to listen to crappy pop music indefinitely, I tuned into another station. This one was one I hadn't heard before.

-"Could you give me the status of [withheld] county? Over." -"No new developments. Over." -"Okay. Any fatalities? Over." -"What part of "no new developments" do you not understand, McClellan? A squad car will be passing through soon to scan the area for the target. Over." -"Any ETA on that? Over." -"No, not yet. Over." -"And any word from HQ, Jones? Over." -"No, McClellan. Not yet. Not since 013 first got out. Over." -"Well, let me know if and when they contact you. Over."

At that point, I lost the signal. Well, not really, but the connection got so weak that I could barely make out anything they were saying. I figured I must have found a police communication channel. And I had been left with no answers whatsoever.

That was about forty-five minutes ago, as of me writing this now. Guys, I don't know what's going on. Do any of you live near me? You'll know if you've received the warning. I'd say what county I live in, and which ones were affected, but I don't know to for privacy reasons. Anyway, I'll keep you guys updated, okay? Until then, wish me luck.

EDIT: Woah, guys, this has blown up. I'll be sure to keep you posted over the next few days!

UPDATE: Just a quick update before the first major update--about five minutes ago, a car alarm went off somewhere to the right of my house. I'm too freaked out to go check it out, but I'll go up and see how it looks tomorrow morning, and I'll update you then.

NEXT UPDATE COMING TODAY
